artist	song	lyrics
Beatles	Help!	(When) When I was younger (When I was young) so much younger than today (I never need) I never needed anybody's help in any way (Now) But now these days are gone (These days are gone) and I'm not so self assured (And now I find) Now I find I've changed my mind, I've opened up the doors Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me? (Now) And now my life has changed (My life has changed) in oh so many ways (My independence) My independence seems to vanish in the haze (But) But ev'ry now (Every now and then) and then I feel so insecure (I know that I) I know that I just need you like I've never done before Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me? When I was younger, so much younger than today I never needed anybody's help in any way (Now) But now these days are gone (These days are gone) and I'm not so self assured (And now I find) Now I find I've changed my mind, I've opened up the doors Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me? Help me, help me Ooh 
Beatles	Ticket to Ride	I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeah. The girl that's driving me mad Is going away. She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, But she don't care. She said that living with me Is bringing her down yeah. For she would never be free When I was around. She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, But she don't care. I don't know why she's ridin' so high, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me. Before she gets to saying goodbye, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me. I think I'm gonna' be sad, I think it's today yeah. The girl that's driving me mad Is going away, yeah. She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, But she don't care. I don't know why she's ridin' so high, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me. Before she gets to saying goodbye, She ought to think twice, She ought to do right by me She said that living with me, Is bringing her down, yeah. For she would never be free When I was around. Ah, she's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, She's got a ticket to ride, But she don't care. My baby don't care, my baby don't care. My baby don't care, my baby don't care. My baby don't care, my baby don't care. 
Beatles	A Hard Days Night	It's been a hard day's night, and I been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I'll find the things that you do Will make me feel alright You know I work all day to get you money to buy you things And it's worth it just to hear you say you're going to give me everything So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone You know I feel ok When I'm home everything seems to be right When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight Owww! So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone You know I feel ok When I'm home everything seems to be right When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight, yeah It's been a hard day's night, and I been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I'll find the things that you do Will make me feel alright You know I feel alright You know I feel alright... 
Beatles	Cant Buy Me Love	Can't buy me love, love Can't buy me love I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend if it makes you feel alright I'll get you anything my friend if it makes you feel alright Cos I don't care too much for money, and money can't buy me love I'll give you all I got to give if you say you'll love me too I may not have a lot to give but what I got I'll give to you I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, everybody tells me so Can't buy me love, no no no, no Say you don't need no diamond ring and I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of thing that money just can't buy I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love Owww Can't buy me love, everybody tells me so Can't buy me love, no no no, no Say you don't need no diamond ring and I'll be satisfied Tell me that you want the kind of thing that money just can't buy I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, love Can't buy me love 
Beatles	Eleanor Rigby	Ah look at all the lonely people Ah look at all the lonely people Eleanor Rigby, picks up the rice In the church where a wedding has been Lives in a dream Waits at the window, wearing the face That she keeps in a jar by the door Who is it for All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely people Where do they all belong? Father McKenzie, writing the words Of a sermon that no one will hear No one comes near Look at him working, darning his socks In the night when there's nobody there What does he care All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely people Where do they all belong? Ah look at all the lonely people Ah look at all the lonely people Eleanor Rigby, died in the church And was buried along with her name Nobody came Father McKenzie, wiping the dirt From his hands as he walks from the grave No one was saved All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely people Where do they all belong? 
Beatles	I Want to Hold Your Hand	Oh yeah, I'll tell you something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand Oh please, say to me You'll let me be your man And please, say to me You'll let me hold your hand You let me hold your hand I wanna hold your hand And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide Yeah, you've got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide Yeah, you've got that something I think you'll understand When I feel that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand 
Beatles	She Loves You	She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You think you lost your love Well, I saw her yesterday It's you she's thinking of And she told me what to say She says she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad She said you hurt her so She almost lost her mind But now she says she knows You're not the hurting kind She says she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad, ooh She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah And with a love like that You know you should be glad You know it's up to you I think it's only fair Pride can hurt you too Apologize to her Because she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad, ooh She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah With a love like that You know you should be glad With a love like that You know you should be glad With a love like that You know you should be glad Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
Beatles	Yesterday	Yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Suddenly I'm not half the man I used to be. There's a shadow hanging over me. Oh, yesterday came suddenly. Why she had to go, I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday. Yesterday love was such an easy game to play. Now I need a place to hide away. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Why she had to go, I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday. Yesterday love was such an easy game to play. Now I need a place to hide away. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Mm mm mm mm mm mm mm 
Metallica	Nothing Else Matters	So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are And nothing else matters Never opened myself this way Life is ours, we live it our way All these words I don't just say And nothing else matters Trust I seek and I find in you Every day for us something new Open mind for a different view And nothing else matters Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know But I know So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are And nothing else matters Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know But I know I never opened myself this way Life is ours, we live it our way All these words I don't just say And nothing else matters Trust I seek and I find in you Every day for us something new Open mind for a different view And nothing else matters Never cared for what they say Never cared for games they play Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know And I know So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are No nothing else matters 
Metallica	Enter Sandman	Say your prayers, little one Don't forget, my son To include everyone Tuck you in, warm within Keep you free from sin Till the Sandman he comes Sleep with one eye open Gripping your pillow tight Exit: light Enter: night Take my hand We're off to never never land Something's wrong, shut the light Heavy thoughts tonight And they aren't of Snow White Dreams of war, dreams of liars Dreams of dragon's fire And of things that will bite Sleep with one eye open Gripping your pillow tight Exit: light Enter: night Take my hand We're off to never never land Now I lay me down to sleep Pray the Lord my soul to keep If I die before I wake Pray the Lord my soul to take Hush little baby, don't say a word And never mind that noise you heard It's just the beasts under your bed In your closet, in your head Exit: light Enter: night Grain of sand Exit: light Enter: night Take my hand We're off to never never land 
Metallica	Master of Puppets	End of passion play, crumbling away I’m your source of self-destruction Veins that pump with fear, sucking darkest clear Leading on your death’s construction Taste me you will see More is all you need You’re dedicated to How I’m killing you Come crawling faster Obey your master Your life burns faster Obey your master Master Master of puppets I’m pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can’t see a thing Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master Needlework the way, never you betray Life of death becoming clearer Pain monopoly, ritual misery Chop your breakfast on a mirror Taste me you will see More is all you need You’re dedicated to How I’m killing you Come crawling faster Obey your master Your life burns faster Obey your master Master Master of puppets I’m pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can’t see a thing Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master Master, master Where’s the dreams that I’ve been after? Master, master You promised only lies Laughter, laughter All I hear or see is laughter Laughter, laughter Laughing at my cries Fix me Hell is worth all that, natural habitat Just a rhyme without a reason Never-ending maze, drift on numbered days Now your life is out of season I will occupy I will help you die I will run through you Now I rule you too Come crawling faster Obey your master Your life burns faster Obey your master Master Master of puppets I’m pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can’t see a thing Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, ‘cause I’ll hear you scream Master Master 
Metallica	The Unforgiven	New blood joins this earth, And quickly he's subdued. Through constant pained disgrace The young boy learns their rules. With time the child draws in. This whipping boy done wrong. Deprived of all his thoughts The young man struggles on and on he's known A vow unto his own, That never from this day His will they'll take away. What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. They dedicate their lives To running all of his. He tries to please them all – This bitter man he is. Throughout his life the same – He's battled constantly. This fight he cannot win – A tired man they see no longer cares. The old man then prepares To die regretfully – That old man here is me. What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. [Solo] What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt, What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. You labelled me, I'll label you. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. You labelled me, I'll label you. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. 
Metallica	Fade to Black	Life, it seems, will fade away Drifting further every day Getting lost within myself Nothing matters, no one else I have lost the will to live Simply nothing more to give There is nothing more for me Need the end to set me free Things not what they used to be Missing one inside of me Deathly lost, this can't be real Cannot stand this hell I feel Emptiness is filling me To the point of agony Growing darkness taking dawn I was me, but now he's gone No one but me can save myself, but it's too late Now I can't think, think why I should even try Yesterday seems as though it never existed Death greets me warm, now I will just say goodbye 
Metallica	One	I can’t remember anything Can’t tell if this is true or dream Deep down inside I feel to scream This terrible silence stops me Now that the war is through with me I’m waking up, I cannot see That there’s not much left of me Nothing is real but pain now Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh please, God, wake me Back in the womb it’s much too real In pumps life that I must feel But can’t look forward to reveal Look to the time when I’ll live Fed through the tube that sticks in me Just like a wartime novelty Tied to machines that make me be Cut this life off from me Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh please, God, wake me Now the world is gone, I’m just one Oh God, help me Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh please, God, help me Darkness Imprisoning me All that I see Absolute horror I cannot live I cannot die Trapped in myself Body my holding cell Landmine Has taken my sight Taken my speech Taken my hearing Taken my arms Taken my legs Taken my soul Left me with life in hell 
Metallica	For Whom the Bell Tolls	Make his fight on the hill in the early day Constant chill deep inside Shouting gun, on they run through the endless grey On they fight, for they're right, yes, but who's to say? For a hill, men would kill, why? They do not know Stiffened wounds test their pride Men of five, still alive through the raging glow Gone insane from the pain that they surely know For whom the bell tolls Time marches on For whom the bell tolls Take a look to the sky just before you die It's the last time he will Blackened roar, massive roar, fills the crumbling sky Shattered goal fills his soul with a ruthless cry Stranger now, are his eyes, to this mystery He hears the silence so loud Crack of dawn, all is gone except the will to be Now they see what will be, blinded eyes to see For whom the bell tolls Time marches on For whom the bell tolls 
Eminem	The Real Slim Shady	May I have your attention please? May I have your attention please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're going to have a problem here Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door Started whoopin' her ass worse than before, they first get divorced Throwing her over furniture It's the return of the "Oh wait, no way, your kidding, He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" And Dr Dre said Nothing you idiots Dr Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha ha) Feminist women love Eminem, chicka chicka chicka Slim Shady I'm sick of him Look at him, walking around grabbing his you know what Flippin' the you know who "yeah, but he's so cute though" Yea I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse than what's going on in your parent's bedrooms Sometimes I want to get on TV and just let loose, but can't, But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips And if I'm lucky you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a women's clitoris is. Of course they gonna know what intercourse is, by the time they hit 4th grade, They got the discovery channel don't they? We ain't nothing but mammals, Well some of us cannibals, who cut other people open like cantaloupes. But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope But if you feel like I feel I got the antidote. Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too. You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me. "But Slim what if you win wouldn't it be weird?" Why? So you guys can just lie to get me here? So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears. Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first. Little bitch put me on blast on M-T-V "Yeah he's cute but I think he's married to Kim, he he" I should download her audio on mp3 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem V.D. I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups all you do is annoy me So I've been sent here to destroy you And there's a million of us just like me Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me, who dress like me Walk, talk and act like me, it just might be the next best thing, But not quite me 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up I'm like a head trip to listen to 'Cause I'm only giving you, things you joke about with your friends Inside your living room The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all And I don't gotta be false or sugar coat it at all I just get on the mic and spit it, and whether you like to admit it (rip) I just shit it better than 90 percent of you rappers out there Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums, it's funny 'Cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting. Pinching nurses asses when I'm jackin' off with Jergens And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin' he could be workin' at Burger King Spitten on your onion rings Or in the parking lot circling, Screaming I don't give a fuck with his windows down and system up So will the real Shady, please stand up And put one of those fingers on each hand up And to be proud to be outta your mind and outta control And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady, please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up Haha, I guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us, Fuck it, Let's all stand up 
Eminem	Till I Collapse	'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up. But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse. Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Till I collapse I’m spilling these raps long as you feel 'em Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them 'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop pinning 'em And I am not hip-hop and I’m just not Eminem. Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxacillin is just not real enough. The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners. You're coming with me, feel it or not you’re gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us. You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up. For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck. Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth. Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse. Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth. Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse. Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit. This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it 'cause you may never get it again. So while you’re in it try to get as much shit as you can And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end. 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in. I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in. It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me. But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I’m not put on this list the shit does not offend me. That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me. Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me. You hate it but you know respect you’ve got to give me The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me. Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC’s heart What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart. And it's absurd how people hang on every word. I’ll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve But I’ll never be served my spot is forever reserved If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first. 'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse. That’s why I’m clever when I put together every verse My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I’m an addict I rap like I’m addicted to smack like I’m Kim Mathers. But I don’t want to go forth and back in constant battles The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers. So this is like a full blown attack I’m launching at them The track is on some battling raps who want some static 'Cause I don’t really think that the fact that I’m Slim matters A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So... Until the roof The roof comes off Until my legs Give out from underneath me I will not fall, I will stand tall, Feels like no one can beat me. 
Eminem	Lose Yourself	Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down, The whole crowd goes so loud He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out He's choking how, everybody's joking now The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow! Snap back to reality. Oh, there goes gravity Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't give up that Easy, no He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes It don't matter, he's dope He knows that but he's broke He's so sad that he knows When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's Back to the lab again, yo This whole rhapsody He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him [Hook:] You better lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo) You better lose yourself in the music, the moment You own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo) (You better) The soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a new world order A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to postmortem It only grows harder, homie grows hotter He blows. It's all over. These hoes is all on him Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter Lonely roads, God only knows He's grown farther from home, he's no father He goes home and barely knows his own daughter But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product They moved on to the next schmoe who flows He nose dove and sold nada So the soap opera is told and unfolds I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on Da da dum da dum da da da da [Hook] No more games, I'mma change what you call rage Tear this motherfucking roof off like two dogs caged I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage But I kept rhyming and stepped right into the next cypher Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper All the pain inside amplified by the Fact that I can't get by with my 9 to 5 And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder Trying to feed and water my seed, plus Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a primadonna Baby, mama drama's screaming on her Too much for me to wanna Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's gotten me To the point, I'm like a snail I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go I cannot grow old in Salem's lot So here I go it's my shot. Feet, fail me not This may be the only opportunity that I got [Hook] You can do anything you set your mind to, man 
Eminem	Stan	My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad [2x] [Eminem as Stan:] Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or something Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back, Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan [Dido:] My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad [Eminem as Stan:] Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you, For four hours and you just said, "No." That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither; He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're saying in your songs So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan P.S. We should be together, too [Dido:] My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad [Eminem as Stan:] Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans, This'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight" About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall I love you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk! Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk, But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you 'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out? [*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*] [Dido:] My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad [Eminem:] Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too? I say that shit just clowning dogg, C'mon! How fucked up is you? You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some And what's this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other Or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy shit I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about it, his name was... it was you Damn! 
Eminem	My Name Is	Hi! My name is... (what?) My name is... (who?) My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady Hi! My name is... (huh?) My name is... (what?) My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady Ahem... excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second? [Eminem:] Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm...) And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!" Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! [Chorus] [Eminem:] My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in her tip cup Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians In a space ship while they screaming at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!" Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!) I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' [Chorus] [Eminem:] Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!) I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!) Am I coming or going? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits How you gonna breast feed me mom? (Wah!) You ain't got no tits! (Wahhh!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steaming mad (Arrrggghhh!) And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had 
Eminem	Like Toy Soldiers	Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down... [Chorus] Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win But the battle wages on for toy soldiers [Verse 1] I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to I'm supposed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object for someone to get killed Why would I wanna destroy something I help build It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life Like fuck it i understand this is business And this shit just isn't none of my business But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause [Chorus] [Verse 2] There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up Was through that publication the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind We still have soldiers that's on the front line That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' I'm just willin' to be the bigger man If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause 
Eminem	When I'm Gone	Yeah... It's my life... My own words I guess... Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for, turns on you despite you? What happens when you become the main source of her pain? "Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane "Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?" I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't goin' write itself I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing "You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?" Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying" "You always say that, you always say this is the last time But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine" She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it "Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!" Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe Daddy, take it witcha" I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror These fucking walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em before it's too late And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on And I'm singing... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet I take a bow and thank you all for coming out They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing "Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding" But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? "I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' "You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad "And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad' "That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin" "I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going" But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made your choice "Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us" That's what they want, they want you Marshall They keep... screamin' your name It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill Yeah, I bet ya' you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it Put it to my brain, scream "Die Shady!" and pop it The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' It's springing and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister Almost as if to say And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... 
Eminem	Mockingbird	Yeah I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier Stiffen up that upper lip What you crying about? You got me. Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers No more crying, wipe them tears Daddy's here, no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls Two little beautiful girls Lookin' puzzled, in a daze I know it's confusing you Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us I don't see us ever being together ever again Like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream [Chorus:] Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We feel how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright (Ha) It's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time every house that we lived in Either kept getting broken into and robbed Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurt so bad it broke your mamma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre And flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah It's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, mama's only gone for the moment [Chorus] And if you ask me to Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'mma give you the world I'mma buy a diamond ring for you I'mma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'mma break that birdie's neck I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha) 
Eminem	Without Me	"Obie Trice/Real Name No Gimmicks" [2x] two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back guess who's back Guess who's back... [Verse 1] I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating when I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!) you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits FUCK YOU, DEBBIE! [Chorus 2x:] Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy, 'Cause it feels so empty without me [Verse 2] Little hellions kids feeling rebellious embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis they start feeling like prisoners, helpless, 'til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch" A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, polluting the air waves a rebel so just let me revel and bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me? Well I'm back [batman sound] fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in and up under your skin like a splinter The center of attention back for the winter I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling Infesting in your kids ears and nesting Testing "Attention Please" feel the tension soon as someone mentions me here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? [Chorus 2x] [Verse 3] A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit. Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene Though I'm not the first king of controversy I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey) there's a concept that works 20 million other white rappers emerge but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me [Chorus 2x] (Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la... la la la) [2x] "Kids" 
Bob Dylan	Blowin in the Wind	How many roads must a man walk down Before you call him a man? How many seas must a white dove sail Before she sleeps in the sand? How many times must the cannon balls fly Before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind The answer is blowin' in the wind. How many years can a mountain exist Before it's washed to the sea? How many years can some people exist Before they're allowed to be free? How many times can a man turn his head And pretend that he just doesn't see? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind The answer is blowin' in the wind. How many times must a man look up Before he can really see the sky? How many ears must one person have Before he can hear people cry? How many deaths will it take 'til he knows That too many people have died? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind The answer is blowin' in the wind. 
Bob Dylan	Mr Tambourin Man	Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me In the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you. Though I know that evenin's empire has returned into sand Vanished from my hand Left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping My weariness amazes me, I'm branded on my feet I have no one to meet And the ancient empty street's too dead for dreaming. Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me In the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you. Take me on a trip upon your magic swirlin' ship My senses have been stripped, my hands can't feel to grip My toes too numb to step, wait only for my boot heels To be wanderin' I'm ready to go anywhere, I'm ready for to fade Into my own parade, cast your dancing spell my way I promise to go under it. Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me In the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you. Though you might hear laughin', spinnin' swingin' madly across the sun It's not aimed at anyone, it's just escapin' on the run And but for the sky there are no fences facin' And if you hear vague traces of skippin' reels of rhyme To your tambourine in time, it's just a ragged clown behind I wouldn't pay it any mind, it's just a shadow you're Seein' that he's chasing. Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me In the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you. Then take me disappearin' through the smoke rings of my mind Down the foggy ruins of time, far past the frozen leaves The haunted, frightened trees, out to the windy beach Far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow Yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free Silhouetted by the sea, circled by the circus sands With all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves Let me forget about today until tomorrow. Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to Hey ! Mr Tambourine Man, play a song for me In the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you. 
Bob Dylan	Its All Over Now Baby Blue	You must leave now, take what you need, you think will last But whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast Yonder stands your orphan with his gun Crying like a fire in the sun Look out the saints are comin' through And it's all over now, Baby Blue. The highway is for gamblers, better use your sense Take what you have gathered from coincidence The empty handed painter from your streets Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets This sky, too, is folding under you And it's all over now, Baby Blue. All your seasick sailors, they are rowing home Your empty handed armies, are all going home Your lover who just walked out the door Has taken all his blankets from the floor The carpet, too, is moving under you And it's all over now, Baby Blue. Leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you Forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you The vagabond who's rapping at your door Is standing in the clothes that you once wore Strike another match, go start a new And it's all over now, Baby Blue. 
Bob Dylan	The Times They are A-changin	Come gather 'round people Wherever you roam And admit that the waters Around you have grown And accept it that soon You'll be drenched to the bone If your time to you Is worth savin' Then you better start swimmin' Or you'll sink like a stone For the times they are a-changin'. Come writers and critics Who prophesize with your pen And keep your eyes wide The chance won't come again And don't speak too soon For the wheel's still in spin And there's no tellin' who That it's namin' For the loser now Will be later to win For the times they are a-changin'. Come senators, congressmen Please heed the call Don't stand in the doorway Don't block up the hall For he that gets hurt Will be he who has stalled There's a battle outside And it is ragin' It'll soon shake your windows And rattle your walls For the times they are a-changin'. Come mothers and fathers Throughout the land And don't criticize What you can't understand Your sons and your daughters Are beyond your command Your old road is Rapidly agin' Please get out of the new one If you can't lend your hand For the times they are a-changin'. The line it is drawn The curse it is cast The slow one now Will later be fast As the present now Will later be past The order is Rapidly fadin' And the first one now Will later be last For the times they are a-changin'.' 
Bob Dylan	Hurricane	Pistols shots ring out in the barroom night Enter Patty Valentine from the upper hall She sees the bartender in a pool of blood Cries out "My God they killed them all" Here comes the story of the Hurricane The man the authorities came to blame For something that he never done Put him in a prison cell but one time he could-a been The champion of the world. Three bodies lying there does Patty see And another man named Bello moving around mysteriously "I didn't do it" he says and he throws up his hands "I was only robbing the register I hope you understand I saw them leaving" he says and he stops "One of us had better call up the cops" And so Patty calls the cops And they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashing In the hot New Jersey night. Meanwhile far away in another part of town Rubin Carter and a couple of friends are driving around Number one contender for the middleweight crown Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down When a cop pulled him over to the side of the road Just like the time before and the time before that In Patterson that's just the way things go If you're black you might as well not shown up on the street 'Less you wanna draw the heat. Alfred Bello had a partner and he had a rap for the corps Him and Arthur Dexter Bradley were just out prowling around He said "I saw two men running out they looked like middleweights They jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates" And Miss Patty Valentine just nodded her head Cop said "Wait a minute boys this one's not dead" So they took him to the infirmary And though this man could hardly see They told him that he could identify the guilty men. Four in the morning and they haul Rubin in Take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs The wounded man looks up through his one dying eye Says "Wha'd you bring him in here for ? He ain't the guy !" Yes here comes the story of the Hurricane The man the authorities came to blame For something that he never done Put in a prison cell but one time he could-a been The champion of the world. Four months later the ghettos are in flame Rubin's in South America fighting for his name While Arthur Dexter Bradley's still in the robbery game And the cops are putting the screws to him looking for somebody to blame "Remember that murder that happened in a bar ?" "Remember you said you saw the getaway car?" "You think you'd like to play ball with the law ?" "Think it might-a been that fighter you saw running that night ?" "Don't forget that you are white". Arthur Dexter Bradley said "I'm really not sure" Cops said "A boy like you could use a break We got you for the motel job and we're talking to your friend Bello Now you don't wanta have to go back to jail be a nice fellow You'll be doing society a favor That sonofabitch is brave and getting braver We want to put his ass in stir We want to pin this triple murder on him He ain't no Gentleman Jim". Rubin could take a man out with just one punch But he never did like to talk about it all that much It's my work he'd say and I do it for pay And when it's over I'd just as soon go on my way Up to some paradise Where the trout streams flow and the air is nice And ride a horse along a trail But then they took him to the jailhouse Where they try to turn a man into a mouse. All of Rubin's cards were marked in advance The trial was a pig-circus he never had a chance The judge made Rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums To the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum And to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger No one doubted that he pulled the trigger And though they could not produce the gun The DA said he was the one who did the deed And the all-white jury agreed. Rubin Carter was falsely tried The crime was murder 'one' guess who testified Bello and Bradley and they both baldly lied And the newspapers they all went along for the ride How can the life of such a man Be in the palm of some fool's hand ? To see him obviously framed Couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land Where justice is a game. Now all the criminals in their coats and their ties Are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise While Rubin sits like Buddha in a ten-foot cell An innocent man in a living hell That's the story of the Hurricane But it won't be over till they clear his name And give him back the time he's done Put him in a prison cell but one time he could-a been The champion of the world. 
Bob Dylan	It aint me babe	Go 'way from my window Leave at your own chosen speed I'm not the one you want, babe I'm not the one you need You say you're lookin' for someone Who's never weak but always strong To protect you an' defend you Whether you are right or wrong Someone to open each and every door But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe. Go lightly from the ledge, babe Go lightly on the ground I'm not the one you want, babe I will only let you down You say you're lookin' for someone Who will promise never to part Someone to close his eyes for you Someone to close his heart Someone who will die for you an' more But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe. Go melt back in the night Everything inside is made of stone There's nothing in here moving An' anyway I'm not alone You say you're looking for someone Who'll pick you up each time you fall To gather flowers constantly An' to come each time you call A lover for your life an' nothing more But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe 
Bob Dylan	Maggies Farm	I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more Well, I wake up in the morning Fold my hands and pray for rain I got a head full of ideas That are drivin' me insane It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more. I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more Well, he hands you a nickel He hands you a dime He asks you with a grin If you're havin' a good time Then he fines you every time you slam the door I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more. I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more Well, he puts his cigar Out in your face just for kicks His bedroom window It is made out of bricks The National Guard stands around his door Ah, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more. I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more Well, she talks to all the servants About man and God and law Everybody says She's the brains behind pa She's sixty-eight, but she says she's fifty-four I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more. I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more Well, I try my best To be just like I am But everybody wants you To be just like them They say sing while you slave and I just get bored I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more. 
Bob Dylan	A Hard Rains A-gonna Fall	Oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son? And where have you been my darling young one? I've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains I've walked and I've crawled on six crooked highways I've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests I've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans I've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall. Oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son? And what did you see, my darling young one? I saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it I saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it I saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin' I saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin' I saw a white ladder all covered with water I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken I saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall. And what did you hear, my blue-eyed son? And what did you hear, my darling young one? I heard the sound of a thunder that roared out a warnin' I heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world I heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin' I heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin' I heard one person starve, I heard many people laughin' Heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter Heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard And it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall. Oh, what did you meet my blue-eyed son ? Who did you meet, my darling young one? I met a young child beside a dead pony I met a white man who walked a black dog I met a young woman whose body was burning I met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow I met one man who was wounded in love I met another man who was wounded in hatred And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard And it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall. And what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son? And what'll you do now my darling young one? I'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin' I'll walk to the depths of the deepest black forest Where the people are a many and their hands are all empty Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters Where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison And the executioner's face is always well hidden Where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten Where black is the color, where none is the number And I'll tell and speak it and think it and breathe it And reflect from the mountain so all souls can see it And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinkin' But I'll know my song well before I start singing And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall. 
